Update sql-agent-extension-troubleshoot-known-issues.md (#9113)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: azure-sql/virtual-machines/windows/sql-agent-extension-troubleshoot-known-issues.md

   :::image type="content" source="media/sql-agent-extension-troubleshoot-known-issues/repair-extension.png" alt-text="Screenshot of the SQL IaaS Agent extension settings page of the SQL virtual machines extension in the Azure portal showing where to repair the extension.":::   

> ## SQL Virtual Machine resource registration fails with error "Creating SQL Virtual Machine resource for PowerBI VM images is not supported"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## SQL IaaS Agent extension registration fails with error "Creating SQL Virtual Machine resource for PowerBI VM images is not supported"
```

> Note that SQL VM Resource registration is blocked and not supported on PowerBI VM, SQL Server Reporting Server and SQL Server Analysis Service Images deployed from Azure Marketplace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that SQL IaaS Agent extension registration is blocked and not supported on PowerBI VM, SQL Server Reporting Server and SQL Server Analysis Service Images deployed from Azure Marketplace.
```
